this is Joseph Park that I am bound for
Lori I'm telling you it's like the dream
of a lifetime I mean I've never I've
never really been in any athletic
contests before I've won a few court
battles and those have been pretty
competitive but nothing like the Bound
for Glory series it's an incredible
feeling
Jesse's got him in his sights here he
comes oh just put all of it in the
corner Joseph stacks s exclusive parks
in the mouths of orissa
are you kidding me
what the hell just happened I got to say
I think it was the most important win of
my career because it put me in the Bound
for Glory series to begin with him gave
me a shot
albeit a long one but still a shot
becoming the new TNA world heavyweight
champion of all the competitors in the
Bound for Glory series Joseph punched
probably the biggest underdog of them
all I'll tell you what I like a good
underdog story just so much the next
don't you ladies and germs this asshole
has a guaranteed freakin dub so come on
out if mr. Joseph ha
place or do I fall I'm putting
everything and banking everything on the
fact that I'm gonna soar at the end of
this thing I mean like I said I know I'm
a big underdog I know all these guys are
a heck of a lot more seasoned that
veteran athletes than I am but I'll tell
you one thing they don't have that
Joseph Park ass and that's the heart to
win go ahead and look past Joseph Park
if you want think of nothing
think I can't compete think I can't do
what you guys do in that ring and that's
all the little slight that I need to be
able to go over on these guys win this
thing Anderson is not even taking Joseph
Park seriously here I shut it look at
this guy I mean I know I'm a long shot
I'm probably 5 billion to one in Vegas
right now but I'll tell you one thing
right now what I lack in wrestling
experience what I lack and ring savvy
when I lack an overall understanding of
the wrestling business I make up for in
heart I gotta be honest I tried to run
him off I thought I was gonna do me a
favor he's he's here seven days a week
we can't get rid of the guy that's
showing me that he has passion for this
industry
he watches video he watches matches and
I believe you know more so now than I
did a few weeks ago that there's really
something in the hunt I'm unimpressed
with Joseph I will say this I've been
studying and I've really dedicated
myself to the professional wrestling
business
I watched tape like it's going out of
style
matches with some great wrestlers I saw
Kurt Angle Jeff Hardy and Samoa Joe I
even threw in a couple old tapes of my
brother abyss just watching those tapes
I realize how much I have to learn still
but I also realize how much potential I
have and I realize it's no different
than I've college football it's no
different than studying it's it's no
different than law school I have to put
my time in and become a student of the
game and I will do that I'll become
student in this game I think that
there's something there that he showed
me something that I wasn't expecting
from him and he caught me off guard but
in a good way and and every coach every
trainer is looking for that Wow or the
it factor Joseph
showed me that and I believe he could be
a game-changer for the system everyone
who steps in the ring with me no matter
who it is even even parang --gel even
Kurt Angle even Jeff Hardy Bobby Roode I
think these guys AJ Styles I mean
they're just off what my head at once to
beat me they're gonna have to have a
bigger heart than me
you'll be of g-series about the holy
series to the main to me separates
literally the mental mics I mean the
winner of the Bound for Glory series
gets a shot a coveted and rare shot at
the TNA World Heavyweight Championship
the Bound for Glory series it might be
the most important tournament in all
sports I don't have my brother of mrs.
experience to look back on on this
tournament he never competed in it and I
kind of feel like the onus is on me it's
on board Joseph Park to bring pride to
the Park family and that includes my
brother abyss so I'll tell you what I'm
gonna do the best I can and give it all
I got but I sure wish I had some
experience or some help in this whole
thing Boston Crab he is going for the
submission win if I recall at
Slammiversary
in Boston 20th Park discovered the
Boston Kevin what's going on here well
that's my man top yeah makes us a takes
if I want to be like everybody else in
this tournament I mean if you listen to
Austin Aries and Bobby Roode and Samoa
Joe and Hernandez and they all think
they're gonna win it so I guess my
answer is gonna be Joseph Park is gonna
win this whole thing he thinks all right
I mean I got a shot watch out watch out
cheap shot from outside referee Brian
Hebner didn't see it and doc connects
and now Anderson follows Anderson covers
and tell you what I can't win it I think
I'd like to see Jeff Hardy recapture
that goal one more time that's only a
vital was Joseph forgot to say to the
other competitors
good luck number one
oh don't hurt me don't hurt me enough
how about this come with your heart as
big as Joseph Park because that's what
it's going to take the beat